
How can Databricks SQL Dashboards be used?
As a place to display the results of multiple queries at once


Describe the key audience for Databricks
Data Scientists, Data Analysts and BI professionals


Describe the side audience for Databricks
Data Engineers and Data Admins


What is a Stakeholder in Databricks dashboards?
Someone who is granted permissions to view and share but not edit to a dashboard


Benefits of using Databricks SQL for Lakehouse processing
-Allows you to query data stored in data lakes and warehouses using SQL
-Built on top of Lakehouse platform providing secure data transfer and analysis
-High performance query engine for heavy workloads
-Has additional visualization and dashboarding capabilities


Describe how to complete a basic Databricks SQL query
1. Open SQL editor
2. Select a SQL warehouse
3. Type in your query
4. Click Run


Where is SQL code written and run?
In the Databricks SQL queries


What can be accessed in the schema browser?
Data Objects, databases, tables, columns and data types


How can you create a Databricks SQL dashboard?
Selecting the dashboard icon in the side window


How can you automatically refresh a dashboard?
Use the Schedule button in the top right corner


What is the purpose of Databricks SQL endpoints/warehouses
It provides general compute resources for SQL queries and visualization while endpoints allow for separation of resources from other workloads in Databricks


Benefits of Serverless endpoints/warehouses
They dont required a dedicated cluster to run, and can scale compute size based on needs


What is Describe the trade-off between cluster size and cost for Databricks SQLendpoints/warehouses?
Larger clusters can handle more concurrent queries and larger workloads, but also cost more to run


What is Partner Connect?
Alternative to manual partner connections. Used create connections to multiple trial azure accounts and technology partners


How to connect Databricks SQL to ingestion tools like Fivetran
Use Partner Connect to enter your information and set up a data destination. You can then follow the steps to configure a destination for Fivetran


What is small-file upload?
A solution for importing small text files like lookup tables and quick data integrations


How to import from object storage using Databricks SQL
Create an external table that references the data in object storage


When can you ingest directories of files?
When the files are the same type and have the same schema, DB reads all the files and combines them in a single table


Describe how to connect Databricks SQL to visualization tools like Tableau, Power BI, and Looker
Select a cluster and under the advanced options section configure the JDBC/ODBC driver


Bronze Layer
Used for ingesting raw/untouched messy data


Silver Layer
Used for Data that has been cleaned for machine learning and data science capabilities


Gold Layer
Used for data that has been cleaned for business intelligence purposes


Describe the cautions and benefits of working with streaming data
It provides real time quick and flexible insights, but also poses quality and consistency threats


What is the benefit of mixing batch and streaming workloads via the Lakehouse?
Allows you to build real time applications with live data while supporting historical analysis from batch


Describe Delta Lake as a tool for managing data files
Provides ACID transactions, is highly scalable, supports schema evolution and provides tools for managing data files with VACUUM and OPTIMISE


How does Delta Lake support version history?
It creates a new table version with each operation made to the given data. It can be retrieved using history command


What is a Global Table?
Tables that are available across all clusters in a workspace and can be accessed by all users with the appropriate permissions


What is a Cluster Table?
scoped tables are available only within a specific cluster and are not visible to other clusters or users


What is a Notebook Table
scoped tables are available only within a specific notebook and are not visible to other notebooks or users


What is a Managed Table?
Tables handled by DB platform that are optimized for small to medium sized datasets


What is an Unmanaged Table
Tables not handled by DB platform that are more flexible and better for large sized datasets


What does the LOCATION keyword do?
Allows you to specify that specific location for a table in a database


Describe how to create a database in SQL
CREATE DATABASE/TABLE/VIEW ____


Describe how to use a database in SQL
USE DATABASE/TABLE/VIEW____


Describe how to drop a database in SQL
DROP DATABASE/TABLE/VIEW____


What is a view?
A quick logical representation of the data stored in a table. It is persisted in underlying tables that dont store data


What is a temp view?
A quick screenshot of the data stored in the table. It doesnt reflect changes to the underlying data


Describe how to identify the owner of a table using SQL
ALTER TABLE ____ OWNER TO ____


What are the responsibilities of a table owner?
Create, monitor and manage a table while continuously ensuring data quality. They also control access permissions and ensure compliance


What doe ACID stand for?
Atomicity, Consistency Isolation and Durability


What does MERGE INTO do?
Merges data from target source to data table based on specified conditions


What does INSERT TABLE do?
Used to insert new rows into tables


What does COPY INTO do?
Used to load data into a Delta table


What does ROLLUP do?
Used with GROUP BY to show an aggregation of multiple grouped values


What does CUBE do?
Used with GROUP BY to show an aggregation across multiple grouped values while displaying a grand total for each


How do you create and apply UDFs in common scaling scenarios
First define the python function, then register as a udf, finally apply it in your SQL code


What is Unity Catalog?
A unified governance solution for the Lakehouse. It provides centralized access control, auditing, lineage, and data discovery capabilities across Azure Databricks workspaces


Why would you want to use a MANAGED LOCATION?
To define the cloud object storage location for data of managed tables and volumes


How is PII handled in Databricks?
By using Delta Lake features and fine grained controls


What does the TRANFORM function do?
Allows you to apply a lambda function to transform array elements


What does the EXPLODE function do?
Allows you to expand elements of a nested array into its own rows


Which takes precedence when they conflict, a configured refresh rate or the selected Auto Stop feature?
The configured refresh rate


How does Delta Lake manage metadata in Databricks
By maintaining a transaction log to record changes


Describe Widget Parameters
They are tied to one visualization and change only the query affecting it


Describe Dashboard Parameters
Configured at the dashboard level, they can impact multiple visualizations at one time


Describe Static Values
They are used to override parameters by setting a fixed value in their place