
As a data analyst, you are preparing to present your findings from a recent study. To effectively communicate these insights, you decide to use Databricks SQL. Which of the following steps aligns most closely with the initial phase of preparing your presentation in Databricks SQL?
Crafting a SQL query to gather and summarize the relevant data.


In Databricks SQL, when creating a basic, schema-specific visualization, what is the first step you should take?
Write a SQL query to retrieve data from the specific schema.


In the context of Databricks SQL, which of the following statements accurately describes both a caution and a benefit of working with streaming data?
Benefit: Streaming data allows for real-time analytics and decision-making.
Caution: There is a higher risk of data inconsistency due to the continuous flow of data.


How is data enhancement commonly applied in analytics?
By incorporating external data sources to enrich existing datasets for deeper insights.


In a Databricks environment, you are optimizing the performance of a data processing task that involves complex operations on arrays within a Spark SQL dataset.
Which of the following higher-order functions in Spark SQL would be most suitable for efficiently transforming elements within an array column scores?
SELECT TRANSFORM(scores, score -> score * 2) FROM dataset;


When sharing Databricks SQL dashboards, there are two primary settings: 'Run as viewer' and 'Run as owner'. What are the pros and cons of each setting in the context of sharing dashboards?
'Run as viewer' enhances data security by adhering to individual viewer's permissions (pro), but may limit data visibility (con). 'Run as owner' ensures consistent data visibility across users (pro), but might pose security risks if the owner has broader data access (con).


In the context of Unity Catalog in Databricks, what is the purpose of specifying a MANAGED LOCATION when creating a catalog or schema?
To define the cloud object storage location for data of managed tables and volumes.


In the context of statistics, what are key moments of a statistical distribution?
The mean, variance, skewness, and kurtosis, which are the first four moments of a distribution.


Which of the following is a critical organization-specific consideration when handling PII data?
Adapting PII data handling protocols to comply with regional and sector-specific privacy laws.


What are the essential steps to execute a basic SQL query in Databricks?
Open SQL Editor, select a SQL warehouse, specify the query, run the query.


In Databricks SQL, what is the primary purpose of using the ANALYZE TABLE command?
To collect statistics about the table for optimizing query performance.
