
Which of the following describes a benefit of a data lakehouse that is unavailable in a traditional data warehouse?
A data lakehouse enables both batch and streaming analytics


Which of the following locations hosts the driver and worker nodes of a Databricks-managed cluster?
Data plane


A data architect is designing a data model that works for both video-based machine learning workloads and highly audited batch ETL/ELT workloads.
Which of the following describes how using a data lakehouse can help the data architect meet the needs of both workloads?
A data lakehouse stores unstructured data and is ACID-compliant.
 

Which of the following describes a scenario in which a data engineer will want to use a Job cluster instead of an all-purpose cluster?
An automated workflow needs to be run every 30 minutes


A data engineer has created a Delta table as part of a data pipeline. Downstream data analysts now need SELECT permission on the Delta table. 
Assuming the data engineer is the Delta table owner, which part of the Databricks Lakehouse Platform can the data engineer use to grant the data analysts the appropriate access?
Data Explorer


Two junior data engineers are authoring separate parts of a single data pipeline notebook. They are working on separate Git branches so they can pair program on the same notebook simultaneously. A senior data engineer experienced in Databricks suggests there is a better alternative for this type of collaboration.


Which of the following supports the senior data engineer's claim?
Databricks Notebooks support real-time coauthoring on a single notebook


Which of the following describes how Databricks Repos can help facilitate CI/CD workflows on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform?
Databricks Repos can commit or push code changes to trigger a CI/CD process


Which of the following statements describes Delta Lake?
Delta Lake is an open format storage layer that delivers reliability, security, and performance.


Which of the following SQL keywords can be used to append new rows to an existing Delta table?
UNION


A data engineering team needs to query a Delta table to extract rows that all meet the same condition. However, the team has noticed that the query is running slowly. The team has already tuned the size of the data files. Upon investigating, the team has concluded that the rows meeting the condition are sparsely located throughout each of the data files.
Based on the scenario, which of the following optimization techniques could speed up the query?
Z-Ordering


A data engineer needs to create a database called customer360 at the location /customer/customer360. The data engineer is unsure if one of their colleagues has already created the database.

Which of the following commands should the data engineer run to complete this task?
CREATE DATABASE IF NOT EXISTS customer360 LOCATION '/customer/customer360';


A junior data engineer needs to create a Spark SQL table my_table for which Spark manages both the data and the metadata. The metadata and data should also be stored in the Databricks Filesystem (DBFS).

Which of the following commands should a senior data engineer share with the junior data engineer to complete this task?
CREATE TABLE my_table (id STRING, value STRING);


A data engineer wants to create a relational object by pulling data from two tables. The relational object must be used by other data engineers in other sessions. In order to save on storage costs, the data engineer wants to avoid copying and storing physical data.

Which of the following relational objects should the data engineer create?
View


A data engineering team has created a series of tables using Parquet data stored in an external system. The team is noticing that after appending new rows to the data in the external system, their queries within Databricks are not returning the new rows. They identify the caching of the previous data as the cause of this issue.

Which of the following approaches will ensure that the data returned by queries is always up-to-date?
The tables should be converted to the Delta format


A data engineer is overwriting data in a table by deleting the table and recreating the table. Another data engineer suggests that this is inefficient and the table should simply be overwritten instead.

Which of the following reasons to overwrite the table instead of deleting and recreating the table is incorrect?
Overwriting a table results in a clean table history for logging and audit purposes.


Which of the following commands will return records from an existing Delta table my_table where duplicates have been removed?
SELECT DISTINCT * FROM my_table;


A data engineer wants to horizontally combine two tables as a part of a query. They want to use a shared column as a key column, and they only want the query result to contain rows whose value in the key column is present in both tables.

Which of the following SQL commands can they use to accomplish this task?
INNER JOIN


A data engineer has ingested data from an external source into a PySpark DataFrame raw_df. They need to briefly make this data available in SQL for a data analyst to perform a quality assurance check on the data. 

Which of the following commands should the data engineer run to make this data available in SQL for only the remainder of the Spark session?

raw_df.createOrReplaceTempView("raw_df")


A data engineer needs to dynamically create a table name string using three Python variables: region, store, and year. An example of a table name is below when region = "nyc", store = "100", and year = "2021": nyc100_sales_2021

Which of the following commands should the data engineer use to construct the table name in Python?
f"{region}{store}_sales_{year}"


A data engineer is designing a data pipeline. The source system generates files in a shared directory that is also used by other processes. As a result, the files should be kept as is and will accumulate in the directory. The data engineer needs to identify which files are new since the previous run in the pipeline, and set up the pipeline to only ingest those new files with each run.

Which of the following tools can the data engineer use to solve this problem?
Auto Loader


A data engineering team is in the process of converting their existing data pipeline to utilize Auto Loader for incremental processing in the ingestion of JSON files. One data engineer comes across the following code block in the Auto Loader documentation:
(streaming_df = spark.readStream.format("cloudFiles") .option("cloudFiles.format", "json") .option("cloudFiles.schemaLocation", schemaLocation) .load(sourcePath))

Assuming that schemaLocation and sourcePath have been set correctly, which of the following changes does the data engineer need to make to convert this code block to use Auto Loader to ingest the data?
There is no change required. The inclusion of format("cloudFiles") enables the use of Auto Loader


Which of the following data workloads will utilize a Bronze table as its source?
A job that enriches data by parsing its timestamps into a human-readable format


Which of the following data workloads will utilize a Silver table as its source?
A job that aggregates cleaned data to create standard summary statistics


Which of the following Structured Streaming queries is performing a hop from a Bronze table to a Silver table?
(spark.table("sales") .agg(sum("sales"), sum("units")) .writeStream .option("checkpointLocation", checkpointPath) .outputMode("complete") .table("aggregatedSales") )


Which of the following benefits does Delta Live Tables provide for ELT pipelines over standard data pipelines that utilize Spark and Delta Lake on Databricks?
The ability to declare and maintain data table dependencies


A data engineer has three notebooks in an ELT pipeline. The notebooks need to be executed in a specific order for the pipeline to complete successfully. The data engineer would like to use Delta Live Tables to manage this process.

Which of the following steps must the data engineer take as part of implementing this pipeline using Delta Live Tables?
They need to create a Delta Live Tables pipeline from the Jobs page.


A data engineer has written the following query: SELECT * FROM json.`/path/to/json/file.json`;

The data engineer asks a colleague for help to convert this query for use in a Delta Live Tables (DLT) pipeline. The query should create the first table in the DLT pipeline.

Which of the following describes the change the colleague needs to make to the query?
hTey need to add a CREATE LIVE TABLE table_name AS line at the beginning of the query


A dataset has been defined using Delta Live Tables and includes an expectations clause:

CONSTRAINT valid_timestamp EXPECT (timestamp > '2020-01-01')

What is the expected behavior when a batch of data containing data that violates these constraints is processed?
Records that violate the expectation are added to the target dataset and recorded as invalid in the event log.


A Delta Live Table pipeline includes two datasets defined using STREAMING LIVE TABLE. Three datasets are defined against Delta Lake table sources using LIVE TABLE. 

The table is configured to run in Development mode using the Triggered Pipeline Mode. 

Assuming previously unprocessed data exists and all definitions are valid, what is the expected outcome after clicking Start to update the pipeline?

All datasets will be updated once and the pipeline will shut down. The compute resources will persist to allow for additional testing.


A data engineer has a Job with multiple tasks that runs nightly. One of the tasks unexpectedly fails during 10 percent of the runs.

Which of the following actions can the data engineer perform to ensure the Job completes each night while minimizing compute costs?
They can institute a retry policy for the task that periodically fails


A data engineer has set up two Jobs that each run nightly. The first Job starts at 12:00 AM, and it usually completes in about 20 minutes. The second Job depends on the first Job, and it starts at 12:30 AM. Sometimes, the second Job fails when the first Job does not complete by 12:30 AM.

Which of the following approaches can the data engineer use to avoid this problem?
They can utilize multiple tasks in a single job with a linear dependency


A data engineer has set up a notebook to automatically process using a Job. The data engineer's manager wants to version control the schedule due to its complexity.

Which of the following approaches can the data engineer use to obtain a version-controllable configuration of the Job's schedule?
They can download the JSON description of the Job from the Job's page.


A data analyst has noticed that their Databricks SQL queries are running too slowly. They claim that this issue is affecting all of their sequentially run queries. They ask the data engineering team for help. The data engineering team notices that each of the queries uses the same SQL endpoint, but the SQL endpoint is not used by any other user.

Which of the following approaches can the data engineering team use to improve the latency of the data analyst's queries?
They can increase the cluster size of the SQL endpoint


An engineering manager uses a Databricks SQL query to monitor their team's progress on fixes related to customer-reported bugs. The manager checks the results of the query every day, but they are manually rerunning the query each day and waiting for the results.

Which of the following approaches can the manager use to ensure the results of the query are updated each day?
They can schedule the query to refresh every 1 day from the query's page in Databricks SQL.


A data engineering team has been using a Databricks SQL query to monitor the performance of an ELT job. The ELT job is triggered by a specific number of input records being ready to process. The Databricks SQL query returns the number of minutes since the job's most recent runtime.

Which of the following approaches can enable the data engineering team to be notified if the ELT job has not been run in an hour?
They can set up an Alert for the query to notify them if the returned value is greater than 60.


A data engineering manager has noticed that each of the queries in a Databricks SQL dashboard takes a few minutes to update when they manually click the "Refresh" button. They are curious why this might be occurring, so a team member provides a variety of reasons on why the delay might be occurring.

Which of the following reasons fails to explain why the dashboard might be taking a few minutes to update?
The queries attached to the dashboard might first be checking to determine if new data is available


A new data engineer has started at a company. The data engineer has recently been added to the company's Databricks workspace as new.engineer@company.com. The data engineer needs to be able to query the table sales in the database retail. The new data engineer already has been granted USAGE on the database retail.

Which of the following commands can be used to grant the appropriate permissions to the new data engineer?
GRANT SELECT ON TABLE sales TO new.engineer@company.com;


A new data engineer new.engineer@company.com has been assigned to an ELT project. The new data engineer will need full privileges on the table sales to fully manage the project.

Which of the following commands can be used to grant full permissions on the table to the new data engineer?
GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON TABLE sales TO new.engineer@company.com;