01. A data architect is designing a data model that works for both video-based machine learning workloads and highly audited batch ETL/ELT workloads.
Which of the following describes how using a data lakehouse can help the data architect meet the needs of both workloads?

a) A data lakehouse requires very little data modeling.
b) A data lakehouse combines compute and storage for simple governance.
c) A data lakehouse provides autoscaling for compute clusters.
d) A data lakehouse stores unstructured data and is ACID-compliant.
e) A data lakehouse fully exists in the cloud.
Answer:

d) A data lakehouse stores unstructured data and is ACID-compliant.


02. Which of the following describes a benefit of a data lakehouse that is unavailable in a traditional data warehouse?

a) A data lakehouse provides a relational system of data management.
b) A data lakehouse captures snapshots of data for version control purposes.
c) A data lakehouse couples storage and compute for complete control.
d) A data lakehouse utilizes proprietary storage formats for data.
e) A data lakehouse enables both batch and streaming analytics.
Answer:

e) A data lakehouse enables both batch and streaming analytics.


03. A data engineer has created a Delta table as part of a data pipeline. Downstream data analysts now need SELECT permission on the Delta table.
Assuming the data engineer is the Delta table owner, which part of the Databricks Lakehouse Platform can the data engineer use to grant the data analysts the appropriate access?

a) Repos
b) Jobs
c) Data Explorer
d) Databricks Filesystem
e) Dashboards
Answer:

c) Data Explorer


04. A data engineer has three notebooks in an ELT pipeline. The notebooks need to be executed in a specific order for the pipeline to complete successfully. The data engineer would like to use Delta Live Tables to manage this process.
Which of the following steps must the data engineer take as part of implementing this pipeline using Delta Live Tables?

a) They need to create a Delta Live Tables pipeline from the Data page.
b) They need to create a Delta Live Tables pipeline from the Jobs page.
c) They need to create a Delta Live tables pipeline from the Compute page.
d) They need to refactor their notebook to use Python and the dlt library.
e) They need to refactor their notebook to use SQL and CREATE LIVE TABLE keyword
Answer:

b) They need to create a Delta Live Tables pipeline from the Jobs page.


05. Which of the following data workloads will utilize a Bronze table as its destination?

a) A job that develops a feature set for a machine learning application
b) A job that queries aggregated data to publish key insights into a dashboard
c) A job that aggregates cleaned data to create standard summary statistics
d) A job that ingests raw data from a streaming source into the Lakehouse
Answer:

d) A job that ingests raw data from a streaming source into the Lakehouse


If You want to get more details for Preparation of Data Engineer Associate Certification Exam:
Click Here--->
https://www.certfun.com/databricks/databricks-certified-data-engineer-associate